when treating patients with acute kidney
injury Aki
the outlook is rarely promising with
mortality rates as high as 60 to 80
percent it may not seem like a fight you
can win so you may feel the way you
deliver renal replacement therapy won't
make a significant difference but since
the kidney is designed to continually
support the functions of a whole host of
other organs wouldn't it make sense to
use a renal replacement therapy that
works 24/7 just like the kidney and what
if the continuous treatment option
existed that was supported by convincing
evidence gam bro understands the
challenge healthcare providers face when
it comes to treating Aki patients they
listen to forward-thinking physicians
from around the world and developed a
method of treating patients that is
continuous and gentle clinicians embrace
this therapy and created a mountain of
evidence to support it based on some of
the evidence continuous renal
replacement therapy CR RT supports
hemodynamic stability and manages fluid
overload working around the clock so the
patient's body can recover CR RT aims to
mimic normal kidney function in these
ways one continually manages waste to
consistently balances pH and electrolyte
levels three controls fluid levels the
same way your kidney would gently and
continuously on top of that convective
therapies in CR RT unlike conventional
dialysis enables removal of larger
molecules such as cytokines and
inflammatory mediators so what about
outcomes well over the past 10 years
mortality in critically ill Aki patients
treated with CR RT has shown a downward
trend in major trials and CR RT
typically accounts for less than 5% of
the total cost of treating Aki patients
if used as initial treatment modality CR
RT has been independently associated
with an improved chance of renal
recovery which could help to reduce
large cost drivers like patient readmit
ins and long term dialysis meaning that
not only has CR RT been associated with
positive patient outcomes but it may
also be an economical choice so the next
time you're weighing your options for
Aki treatment think CR RT first contact
us today to either set up a demo or have
us work with you to get the most out of
your existing CR RT program
you